(DOCSP-13218): Clarify isolated edition (#313)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/index.txt

       write and delete capabilities removed.

   * - :guilabel:`Compass Isolated`
     - Does not initiate any network requests except to the MongoDB
       server to which |compass-short| connects. This edition is
       designed for highly secure environments.
       

>        Isolated edition can perform DNS alias lookups and leverage A
>        Records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Isolated edition can perform DNS queries (e.g. lookup A or SRV
       Records).
```
I'd stay vague here, with a couple of examples in parentheses. Any DNS query will work, no matter if it's to lookup an A record, or a CNAME or if the cluster users SRV records.
